Syntax lookup: Deprecated decorator (#349)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: misc_docs/syntax/decorator_expression_deprecated.mdx

---
id: "expression-deprecated-decorator"
keywords: ["deprecated", "decorator"]
name: "@deprecated"
summary: "This is the `@deprecation` decorator."
category: "decorators"
---

The `@deprecated` decorator is used to add deprecation notes to types, values and submodules. The compiler and editor tooling will yield a warning whenever a deprecated entity is being used.

> Use the `@@deprecated` decorator to add deprecation notes to a module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the `@@deprecated` decorator to add a deprecation warning to the file level.
```

---
id: "expression-deprecated-decorator"
keywords: ["deprecated", "decorator"]
name: "@deprecated"

> summary: "This is the `expression deprecation` decorator."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: "This is the `@deprecation` decorator."
```

category: "decorators"
---

> The `@deprecated` decorator is used to annotate deprecated types, values and modules within a file. This may be used by ReScript tooling to highlight deprecated code during development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `@deprecated` decorator is used to add deprecation notes to types and values. The compiler and editor tooling will yield a warning when a deprecated value is being used. This is useful to gracefully deprecate APIs and give your users a hint for future migration paths.
```

> See the `@@deprecated` decorator to deprecate whole file modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `@@deprecated` decorator to add deprecation notes to a module.
```
